[docs-only] Simplify language re roll-your-own secrets backend (#8257)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/howto/use-alternative-secrets-backend.rst

Roll your own secrets backend
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> A secrets backend is a subclass of :py:class:`airflow.secrets.BaseSecretsBackend` and must implement either

Reviewer: I had to read the current docs and the implementation of `BaseSecretsBackend` more than once to understand what's going on. I think it's written wrong in the current docs, so happy with this change.

The thing that confused me is the current docs say to implement `airflow.secrets.BaseSecretsBackend.get_conn_uri` or `get_connections`, but `get_conn_uri` should only return an (internal) URI given an Airflow connection id, not an actual Connection object, so I think it's up to the person implementing to decide to use this or not. Instead, the method that should be implemented is `get_connections`.

Can we simply write that? ("... and must implement :py:meth:`~airflow.secrets.BaseSecretsBackend.get_connections`.")

Author: if you implement `get_conn_uri` then you don't need to implement `get_connections` and vice versa.   because `get_connections` in base class relies on `get_conn_uri`

so, either way will work.

Reviewer: Ah I see, so `get_conn_uri` for returning a connection as a string in URI format (e.g. `postgresql://user:pass@localhost:5432/mydb`), and `get_connections` for returning a list of connection objects.

Reviewer: Might be worth mentioning this? What do you think? Other than that, looks good to me.

Author: i think it's ok as is now.

we have said "implement either get conn uri or get connections" -- i think that's all we really need to say here.

discussion of uri format and connection model details is done elsewhere.

> :py:meth:`~airflow.secrets.BaseSecretsBackend.get_connections` or :py:meth:`~airflow.secrets.BaseSecretsBackend.get_connections`.

Reviewer: I now says you must implement either one of the same method?

Author: fixed

After writing your backend class, provide the fully qualified class name in the ``backend`` key in the ``[secrets]``
section of ``airflow.cfg``.

> You can you can also pass kwargs to ``__init__`` by supplying json to the ``backend_kwargs`` config param.

Reviewer: While we're at it, this sentence holds "you can" twice, and the "also" in this sentence doesn't refer to anything. How about we rewrite it, for example:

```suggestion
Additional arguments to your SecretsBackend can be configured in ``airflow.cfg`` by supplying a JSON to ``backend_kwargs``, which will be passed to the ``__init__`` of your SecretsBackend.
```

Author: yeah -- sloppy -- sorry, will fix

> Additional arguments to your SecretsBackend can be configured in ``airflow.cfg`` by supplying a JSON to ``backend_kwargs``, which will be passed to the ``__init__`` of your SecretsBackend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additional arguments to your SecretsBackend can be configured in ``airflow.cfg`` by supplying a JSON string to ``backend_kwargs``, which will be passed to the ``__init__`` of your SecretsBackend.
```
